docs: clarify that it is not yet possible to reference tagged DSDL (#668)
cal-itp/calitp.org: docs/guides/dsdl/release.md

The steps to create a release tag are identical to [Benefits](https://docs.calitp.org/benefits/guides/release/). Release candidate tags are skipped.

After a release has been published, it is necessary to identify the associated Netlify deployment and document the release's permalink on this page.
## Consuming DSDL

## Consuming a release

Referencing a specific [release](https://github.com/cal-itp/calitp.org/releases) via a link tag is recommended:

### `2026.05.01`
```html

> <link

Reviewer: I still think having the example HTML snippet, with the link to the live CSS file, could be useful here.

Author: i definitely left that in place, because i agree. 😇 

https://calitp-website-668--cal-itp-previews.netlify.app/guides/dsdl/release/

Reviewer: 🤦 my bad, didn't scroll down far enough in the diff

> A mechanism to consume previously tagged DSDL releases does not exist yet. For now the easiest option is to load the bleeding-edge CSS directly from [`main`](https://github.com/cal-itp/calitp.org/blob/main/src/stylesheets/dsdl/dsdl.css).

Reviewer 2: This `github.com` URL takes us to the GitHub UI showing the file rather than the actual CSS. And since we can't use the raw GitHub content URL (`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cal-itp/calitp.org/refs/heads/main/src/stylesheets/dsdl/dsdl.css`), I think our only choice is to use the bleeding-edge CSS from calitp.org?

```suggestion
A mechanism to consume previously tagged DSDL releases does not exist yet. For now the easiest option is to load the bleeding-edge CSS directly from [`main`](https://www.calitp.org/stylesheets/dsdl/dsdl.css).
```

Reviewer 2: Or maybe you meant to link to the file rather than provide a link to the raw CSS :sweat_smile:

Author: the code snippet directly below is a valid technique to load the actual CSS from a downstream app.

i thought it'd be helpful to link to github to show the same file in the context of version control, but i don't feel strongly about it.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, I think I just read this too quickly. Linking to the file in GitHub makes sense :+1:
